Husband?
Husband, have you seen my cheongsam?
Husband, my clothes
You dead girl
Who made you wear it?
Take it off now
I think this dress looks good.
I dress for the night
Today is my wedding anniversary with my husband.
You vixen
Don't think I don't know what you're up to
Take it off for me
Take it off take it off you take it off
Don't you?
Ah!
Now this is my wake-up call
Mom mom
What's your trouble?
Ambulance hurry up ambulance
Mom, what's wrong with you?
It's all my fault
I didn't take good care of my foster parents and family
I shouldn't have inherited Xiao Zhan's family business
Mrs. Ye, please don't say that.
Your adoptive parents
If only I knew you were so good now
Must be very happy
Thank you, Mrs. Su
I didn't see that the ladies' teacups were empty
Hurry up and add tea
identity
Mrs. Ye's cheongsam is so beautiful.
Can you put it on and let me take a picture?
Certainly!
Doctor, you swallowed something from the Shaws
I won't make you wait
Spit it all out